A large fawn jumped quickly over white zinc boxes.
A mad boxer shot a quick, gloved jab to the jaw of his dizzy opponent.
A poor Zimbabwe vet, fearing ghosts, quickly joined an exodus.
A quart jar of oil mixed with zinc oxide makes a very bright paint.
A quick movement of the enemy will jeopardize six gunboats.
About sixty codfish eggs will make a quarter pound of very fizzy jelly.
Alfredo just must bring very exciting news to the plaza quickly.
All questions asked by five watch experts amazed the judge.
Amazingly few discotheques provide jukeboxes.
An inspired calligrapher can create pages of beauty using stick, ink, quill, brush, pick-axe, buzz saw, or even strawberry jam.
Anxious Paul waved back his pa from the zinc quarry just sighted.
As we explored the gulf of Zanzibar, we quickly moved closer to the jutting rocks.
Astronaut Quincy B. Zack defies gravity with six jet fuel pumps.
Back in June we delivered oxygen equipment of the same size.
Back in my quaint garden, jaunty zinnias vie with flaunting phlox.
Ban foul, toxic smogs which quickly jeopardize lives.
Barkeep! A flaming tequila swizzle and a vodka and Ajax, hold the cherry.
Baroque? Hell, just mix a dozen wacky pi fonts and you’ve got it.
Bawds jog, flick quartz, vex nymphs.
Big Fuji waves pitch enzymed kex liquor.
Big July earthquakes confound zany experimental vow.
Blowzy red vixens fight for a quick jump.
Boxers had zap of gay jock love, quit women.
Brawny gods just flocked up to quiz and vex him.
Breezily jangling $3,416,857,209 wise advertiser ambles to the bank, his exchequer amplified.
Brick quiz whangs jumpy veldt fox!
Bright vixens jump; dozy fowl quack.
By Jove, my quick study of lexicography won a prize!
By the way, jolting quickly into space from zero to six hundred kilometers an hour, involves fractions.
Cozy lummox gives smart squid who asks for job pen.
Cozy sphinx waves quart jug of bad milk.
Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels.
Cute, kind, jovial, foxy physique, amazing beauty? Wowser!
DJs flock by when MTV ax quiz prog.
Doxy with charming buzz quaffs vodka julep.
Dr. Jekyll vows to finish zapping quixotic bum.
Dub waltz, nymph, for quick jigs vex.
Dumpy kibitzer jingles as exchequer overflows.
Ebenezer unexpectedly bagged two tranquil aardvarks with his jiffy vacuum cleaner.
Emily Q. Jung-Schwartzkopf XV, B.D.
Expect skilled sign writers to use many jazzy, quaint old alphabets effectively.
Exploring the zoo, we saw every kangaroo and quite a few carried babies jump.
Exquisite farm wench gives body jolt to prize stinker.
Exquisite wizard flock behaving jumpy.
Fabled reader with jaded, roving eye seized by quickened impulse to expand budget.
Few quips galvanized the mock jury box.
Five jumbo oxen graze quietly with packs of dogs.
Five wine experts jokingly quizzed chablis sample.
Fake bugs put in wax jonquils drive him crazy.
Fog makes you shiver? Quick, zip down & buy a lynx jacket.
Foxy diva Jennifer Lopez wasn’t baking my quiche.
Fred specialized in the job of making very quaint wax toys.
Freight to me sixty dozen quart jars and twelve black pans.
G. W. Bush quickly fixed prize jam on TV.
Glum Q. Schwarzkopf jinxed by TV.
Glum, wavy-haired ex-con bequeaths fake topaz jewel.
Grumpy wizards make toxic brew for the evil Queen and Jack.
Guzzling of jaunty exile wrecks havoc at damp banquet.
Hark! Toxic jungle water vipers quietly drop on zebras for meals!
His graceful bisque vase whizzed past my taxi – no joke!
How jolly vexing a fumble to drop zucchini in the quicksand!
How quickly daft jumping zebras vex.
How razorback-jumping frogs can level six piqued gymnasts!
I have quickly spotted the four women dozing in the jury box.
I jump quickly, shaving two dozen fox bare.
I question why freckled bats turn maroon gulping juice, then vaporize and expire!
I was temporarily forced to zig-zag and quiver furiously around big junky xylophones.
If Jack quiz bald nymphs grow vext.
In Boston: Jazzy (but malicious) squeak toy explodes, ending the lives of two children.
Jack amazed a few girls by dropping the antique onyx vase!
Jack Farmer realized that the big yellow quilts were expensive.
Jack in the Box quickly varied its menu with fudge and pizza.
Jack opted for a Bacardi daiquiri, while the sexy G-man ordered a zesty V-8.
Jackdaws love my big sphinx of quartz.
Jaded zombies acted quaintly, but kept driving their oxen forward.
Jail zesty vixen who grabbed pay from quack.
Jay visited back home and gazed upon a brown fox and quail.
Jeb quickly drove a few extra miles on the glazed pavement.
Jelly-like above the high wire, six quaking pachyderms kept the climax of the extravaganza in a dazzling state of flux.
Jim just quit and packed extra heavy bags for Liz Owen.
Jimmy and Zack, the police explained, were last seen diving into a field of buttered quahogs.
Jinxed wizards pluck ivy from the big quilt.
Joey questioned a wax museum about having his likeness crafted in marzipan.
Jolly housewives made inexpensive meals using quick-frozen vegetables.
Jumpy zebra vows to quit thinking coldly of sex.
Just work for improved basic techniques to maximize your typing skill.
King Alexander was just partly overcome after quizzing Diogenes in his tub.
Lazy movers quit hard-packing of papier-mâché jewelry boxes.
Many big jackdaws zipped quickly over the fox pen.
Many-wived Jack laughs at probes of sex quiz.
Masked Freud whizzes by Carl Jung and squirts Vaporex.
May Jo equal the fine record by solving six puzzles a week?
Meghan deftly picks valuable jewels: onyx, quartz.
Mix Zapf with Veljovic and get quirky Béziers.
Monique, the buxom coed, likes to fight for Pez with the junior varsity team.
Mr. Jock, TV quiz Ph.D., bags few lynx.
Murky haze enveloped a city as jarring quakes broke forty-six windows.
My faxed joke won a pager in the cable TV quiz show.
My girl wove six dozen plaid jackets before she quit.
My grandfather picks up quartz and valuable onyx jewels.
My help squeezed in and joined the weavers again before six o’clock.
Nancy Bizal exchanged vows with Robert J. Kumpf at Quincy Temple.
New farmhand proves strong but lazy, picking just six quinces.
New job: fix Mr. Gluck’s hazy TV, PDQ!
No kidding — Lorenzo called off his trip to visit Mexico City just because they told him the conquistadores were extinct.
Now is the time for all quick brown dogs to jump over the lazy lynx.
Oh, wet Alex, a jar, a fag! Up, disk, curve by! Man Oz, Iraq, Arizona, my Bev? Ruck’s id-pug, a far Ajax, elate? Who?
Old fogeys have just waltzed back in time on waxed parquet.
On the boardwalk grave playful lizards quickly jump and exercise.
Oozy quivering jellyfish expectorated by mad hawk.
Opium frequently leads to bad palpitations, hazy judgment, and causes weak sex drive.
Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
Pangrams have subjects like “dewy fox quiz.”
Perhaps President Clinton’s amazing sax skills will be judged quite favorably.
Picking just six quinces, new farm hand proves strong but lazy.
Playing jazz vibe chords quickly excites my wife.
Prized waxy jonquils choke big farm vats.
Prodigal lesbians from Venezuela know just exactly how to eat quiche.
Puzzled women bequeath jerks very exotic gifts.
Quantum philosopher Max Black applied multivalued logic to lists, or set of objects, and in doing so drew the first fuzzy set curves.
Questions of a zealous nature have become by degrees petty waxen jokes.
Quick jigs for waltz vex bad nymph.
Quick, jump down before x-ray zaps the glove!
Quick waxy bugs jump the frozen veldt.
Quick zephyrs blow, vexing daft Jim.
Quiet guys broke zip files with my coven’s jade ax.
“Quit beer,” vows dizzy, puking, Michael J. Fox.
Quixotic knights’ wives are found on jumpy old zebras.
Quiz explained for TV show by Mick Jagger.
Rowdy virgins have quite often been willingly picked for prizes in juicy sex marathons.
Saxophone quietly making beach surf a jazzed wave.
Several fabulous dixieland jazz groups played with quick tempo.
Sexy zebras just prowl and vie for quick hot matings.
Six big devils from Japan quickly forgot how to waltz.
Six big juicy steaks sizzled in a pan as five workmen left the quarry.
Six crazy kings vowed to abolish my quite pitiful jousts.
Six javelins thrown by the quick savages whizzed forty paces beyond the mark.
Six of the women quietly gave back prizes to the judge.
Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag.
Sphinx of black quartz, judge my vow.
Suez sailor vomits jauntily abaft while waxing parquet decks.
Sympathizing would fix Quaker objectives.
The exodus of jazzy pigeons is craved by squeamish walkers.
The explorer was frozen in his big kayak just after making a queer discovery.
The five boxing wizards jump quickly.
The job of waxing linoleum frequently peeves chintzy kids.
The job requires extra pluck and zeal from every young wage earner.
The jukebox music puzzled a gentle visitor from a quaint valley town.
The July sun caused a fragment of black pine wax to ooze on the velvet quilt.
The lazy major was fixing Cupid’s broken quiver.
The public was amazed to view the quickness and dexterity of the juggler.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
The risqué gown marked a very brazen exposure of juicy flesh.
The sex life of the woodchuck is a provocative question for most vertebrate zoology majors.
The vegetarian menu included gazpacho, piquant julienne beets, rusk rounds with yogurt, and excellent flan.
The vixen jumped quickly on her foes, barking with zeal.
The xylophone orchestra vowed to imbibe jugs of kumquat fizz.
Their kind aunt was subject to frequent dizzy spells, causing vague anxiety and much worry.
Then a cop quizzed Mick Jagger’s ex-wives briefly.
They argued, with some justification perhaps, that the kolkhozes were unable to use and maintain their expensive equipment properly.
This Pangram contains four a’s, one b, two c’s, one d, thirty e’s, six f’s, five g’s, seven h’s, eleven i’s, one j, one k, two l’s, two m’s, eighteen n’s, fifteen o’s, two p’s, one q, five r’s, twenty-seven s’s, eighteen t’s, two u’s, seven v’s, eight w’s, two x’s, three y’s, & one z.
Traveling beneath the azure sky in our jolly ox-cart, we often hit bumps quite hard.
Turgid saxophones blew over Mick’s jazzy quiff.
TV folk buy ex-Prez John Quincy Adams’ wig.
Two hardy boxing kangaroos jet from Sydney to Zanzibar on quicksilver pinions.
Typography is known for two-dimensional architecture and requires extra zeal within every job.
Uphill jogging will tax pounding heart muscle very quickly; far better to be lazy!
Vamp fox held quartz duck just by wing.
Verbatim reports were quickly given by Jim Fox to his amazed audience.
Verily, the dark ex-Jew quit Zionism, preferring the cabala.
Vexed funky camp juggler quit show biz.
Victors flank gypsy who mixed up on job quiz.
Viewing quizzical abstracts mixed up hefty jocks.
Waltz, nymph, for quick jigs vex Bud.
Was there a quorum of able whiz kids gravely exciting the jaded fish at ATypI?
Watch all five questions asked by experts amaze the judge.
We could jeopardize six of the gunboats by two quick moves.
We crazed folk quit having sex, be jumpy.
We have just quoted on nine dozen boxes of gray lamp wicks.
We promptly judged antique ivory buckles for the next prize.
We quickly seized the black axle and just saved it from going past him.
“Well,” said the Queen jazzily, “First show me proof you backbiting vixen!”
West quickly gave Bert handsome prizes for six juicy plums.
When quizzed, he explained gleefully that lack of money and power justifies his behavior.
When waxing parquet decks, Suez sailors vomit jauntily abaft.
When we go back to Juarez, Mexico, do we fly over picturesque Arizona?
Whenever the black fox jumped, the squirrel gazed suspiciously.
While making deep excavations we found some quaint bronze jewelry.
While waxing parquet decks, Suez sailors vomit jauntily abaft.
Will Major Douglas be expected to take this true-false quiz very soon?
William Jex quickly caught five dozen Republicans.
William said that everything about his jacket was in quite good condition except for the zipper.
Wolves exit quickly as fanged zoo chimp jabbers.
Would you please examine both sizes of jade figures very quickly?
Woven silk pyjamas exchanged for blue quartz.
Xylophone wizard begets quick jive form.
You go tell that vapid existentialist quack Freddy Nietzsche that he can just bite me, twice.
You will quite often be amazed by Jock’s very weighty, size six sporran!
Zany Jacques French’s pub mixed watery vodka gimlets.
Zelda quickly wove eight nubby flax jumpers.